dear friend someone that i admire
deeply don adolfo viral
how are you doing with san luis what do you say
So glad to see you here after
so long that you did not see it you
he came to my house only once and it seems
I would have to take dogs because
until now that we have returned to
find because that's what destiny wanted
we had not seen each other, I'm glad
meet with you now the destination
Don Adolfo wanted to confess I saw
second shadow I saw it four times in
cinema and destiny wanted me to
personally know who
He will personify a second shadow gift
Adolfo Valdez, I'm going to make you a
question don adolfo there was a second
shadow was a character of flesh and blood
good since then I already lived part of
childhood practically
being every day when the second
two seconds after the text of
Ricardo and even before that is all
but stay after my father
where I lived was still permanently in
the field and when we have second
lived together
the mafias days in the kitchen
guitars
camper yada we do when in
second many times as he says doing
some prank gives us the time of the
nap we have left to cure wormed and
so generate some tournament in the field
infinity sa exterior fairy that is like this already
we have done it almost from my youth
jointly as second he felt
donor when it seems to unified and in what
year personified don second shadow the
year 69
well what one really feels like
first measure is a huge
responsibility
the second shadow gift a text from my uncle
Ricardo Güiraldes
literary text epic poem by
excellence translated to countless
languages ​​so that they are texts do not
only in unknown national order
but real scope also represent two
seconds in a movie was a
obviously very big commitment to
a person who was not an actor
so that what I felt was a
enormous responsibility before the text
same and before the country because in that
moment I was embodying one of the
human elements that are essences
national laboratories configured in a
second as the first figure of the
movie
that was actually what made sense
now
if you ask me later what have
been the details like what is my
difficulty is how I say the character
good was a succession of episodes that
they went chaining to each other
others
they saw me as a local customs consultant
movie 1a
we had to analyze who could be the
first actor I proposed some
personality of the cinematography that
they were accepted and well until
Definitively proposed if I did not
encouraged to be the first actor not from
since imagine if you I thought I would
I encourage you if you cheer on who in that
had the rights to do the
guarantee film and well that's how it was like
accepted and accepted I became
first I like it has danger when
less what he thought in essence
second shadow was what he describes in the
text ricardo güiraldes
if two seconds in essence Ricardo
duralde takes that figure of a second
how the essence of the gaucho configured it
customizing in seconds
not because second gift has made
all the task that Ricardo looked at her
sign
yes because it gives a second personified the
The soul of the gaucho in his person was a
gaucho more but maybe I would say we could
say an exceptional gaucho
so much so
that in his figure of modest gaucho and
able when ricardo güiraldes ends
the text of a second is visited by a
second and it says well two seconds
I actually have written a text
with your person
in fact do things that you have done
and things that you have not done then
a second with that sly look that
I had in my little eyes lost
between the tabs it says but the
I could have done
which was recorded in time and
picked up by many people who have
collected things around the text of
a second when there are parallel drops
because that configures a little what is
the essence of the gaucho
not here hell says
more where another creole passes martín
iron to pass anything makes it regular nor
the ghost something scare and since
they all sing I also want to sing
dear talk don adolfo viral